35 fixing versions (#36)
cvxgrp/markowitz-reference: README.md

problem and the data used in the paper. Please note that the tickers of the
stocks have been obfuscated to comply with the data provider's terms of use.

## Experiments

Please run all experiments using

```bash
make experiments
```

> Before the experiments start the virtual environment defined in 'requirements.txt'
> is replicated locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the experiments, install the dependencies listed in `requirements.txt`.
```

Author: The dependencies are installed automatically, no action is required
